=head1 NAME

serge-clean-ts - Delete orphaned translation files

=head1 SYNOPSIS

C<< serge clean-ts [configuration-files]
	[--dry-run] [--for-each="do something with '[PATH]'"] [--ts-dir=<path>] >>

Where C<< [configuration-files] >> is a path to a specific .serge file,
or a directory to scan .serge files in. You can specify multiple paths
as separate command-line parameters. If no paths provided, Serge will
look up for .serge files in the current directory.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

Gather all target translation directories and known file paths
from all provided configuration files (assuming that path to these files
contains a /%LOCALE%/ folder, otherwise the script will bail out),
then delete all unknown (orphaned) files from those target directories.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<--dry-run>

Just report orphaned translation files, do not delete them.

=item B<--ts-dir=path[,path2]>, B<--ts-dirs=path[,path2]>

An optional comma-separated list of directories with translation interchange
files to scan and clean up.

By default, Serge will determine this list automatically
by gathering C<< ts_file_path >> paths from found .serge configuration files.
In certain cases, however, it may fail to do so due to custom path rewriting
logic that may tell Serge to save translation interchange files outside of
the common C<< ts_file_path >> root.

Note that the path can be specified either as a relative to the current working
directory, or an absolute one, but exactly how it resolves by Serge
(use C<< --dry-run >> option to see the list of reported files and their paths).

For example, if your paths resolve to
C<< /var/data/serge/configs/../ts/myproject/file.po >>, you can specify
C<< /var/data/serge/configs/../ts >> as a value for this parameter, or you
can specify C<< ../ts >> while being inside C<< /var/data/serge/configs >>
directory, but C<< /var/data/serge/ts >> won't work.

=item B<--for-each=command>

For each deleted file or deleted empty folder, run the specified command.
The command is ran B<after> the deletion. Inside command, use the '[PATH]'
placeholder, which will be substituted with the full path to the file or
directory. Make sure to surrond [PATH] in quotes according to your shell
rules if the paths are likely to contain spaces.

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

Part of L<serge> suite.
