=head1 NAME

serge-import - Import translations from already existing resource files

=head1 SYNOPSIS

C<< serge import [configuration-files] [options] >>

Where C<< [configuration-files] >> is a path to a specific .serge file,
or a directory to scan .serge files in. You can specify multiple paths
as separate command-line parameters. If no paths provided, Serge will
look up for .serge files in the current directory.

=head1 DESCRIPTION

B<serge-import> does the opposite of L<serge-localize>: it scans previously
generated localized resource files according to the rules in configuration files,
and tries to import translations back into the database.

This is useful to initially import pre-existing translations before setting up an
automated localization flow.

Note that for import to work, you don't need to create a separate Serge
configuration file or a job: you need to setup Serge jobs for the primary
workflow (localization), in each job specifying the path to output localized
files using C<< output_file_path >> parameter. Then make sure that the pre-existing
localized files are located and named in accordance with that parameter,
and B<serge-import> will know where to find these files for importing.

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 8

=item B<--dry-run>

Just show a report, but do no actual import.

=item B<--lang=xx[,yy][,zz]>, B<--language=xx[,yy][,zz]> B<--languages=xx[,yy][,zz]>

An optional comma-separated list of target languages

=item B<--disambiguate-keys>

If duplicate keys are found, don't exit but disambiguate them in
the order of their presence. Use with care only when you are sure that
the ordering and the number of ambiguous keys in all files (both original
and localized) is the same, otherwise you might end up importing
wrong translations for wrong keys.

=item B<--as-fuzzy>

Import all translations as fuzzy (i.e. requiring review). This is helpful
when one wants to import previously existing translations, but wants to do
an initial review of imported strings.

=item B<--force-same>

By default, translations that are identical to source strings are not imported.
This more conservative approach allows one to review such strings later
and apply translations only where needed. This flag changes this behavior,
allowing one to import all such identical translations.

=item B<--no-report>

By default, serge-import generates HTML reports, one per language, in the
current directory with 'serge-import-report-xx.html' file names, where
'xx' is the language. It is strongly recommended to always review these reports,
but one may skip generating report files by providing this option.

=item B<--debug>

Print debug output

=back

=head1 SEE ALSO

Part of L<serge> suite.
